DX-497 (#140)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: resources/release-notes.md

### Update in checkin module

We have added support for specifying language as input in checkin module,
`language`. Supported languages are Norwegian, Swedish and English. Consumers
outside Sweden and Norway can now purchase in our Checkout service. You can
specify supported countries for shipment in a new input parameter,
`shippingAddressRestrictedToCountryCodes`, in our checkin module.
Updated API specification can be found [here][initiate-consumer-session].

> These two parameters, `language` and `shippingAddressRestrictedToCountryCodes`have replaced the former `consumerCountryCode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameters `language` and `shippingAddressRestrictedToCountryCodes` have replaced the former `consumerCountryCode`.
```

> The following parameters have been made obsolete due to GDPR rules: `msisdn`, `email`. This information cannot be sent in without the consent from the consumer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameters `msisdn` and `email` have been made obsolete due to GDPR rules. This information cannot be sent in without an explicit consent from the consumer.
```
